if you asked a hundred people what sauce
what gravy would you serve with bangers
and mash
I reckon 100 of them was always say
onion gravy there is no other source in
this pan I've got the skin that we saved
from the back fat that we smoked and I'm
gonna add to that some of those sausage
meat remember we put bread and Rusk in
the sausage well that's gonna thicken
the sauce we're also going to get a
wonderful gelatinous quality for the
sauce from the skin and that's going to
make it nice and sticky and for me
that's really comforting leave this pan
on medium heat for about 10 minutes just
stir regularly be careful because the
skin might spit in the pressure cooker
I've caramelized onions with star anise
and what the star anise does is it
reacts with the onions while browning
and it really boosts meaty flavors now I
want to remove half of this and save it
for later and the reason for that is
that when it's finished cooking this
sauce is going to be strained so the
onions in here are going to give flavor
to the sauce these onions in here are
going to add texture and reinforce the
onion flavor even further empty the pan
into a pressure cooker which will help
to create a really rich complex sauce
the glazes water I don't want to add
extra flavors at this point make sure
you scrape the bottom of the pan to
capture all of the precious scraps of
meat add enough water to cover bring out
the pressure and that's gonna cook for
one hour ding-ding-ding-ding-ding we had
a family barbecue my wife had put some
potatoes wrapped in tinfoil in the fire
I hadn't even thought about that I
thought it's obvious just put them
straight in the oven whole potatoes skin
on because you get that wonderful flavor
from the skin when you have a baked
potato
these potatoes have been in the oven 180
degrees depending on the size somewhere
between an hour an hour and a half now
all you need to do is cut them in half
and scoop out the flesh
now obviously mash wouldn't be mashed
without butter I still want to keep some
texture in the potato don't want it to
be completely pureed make fairly
generous for the pepper just a little
bit of hot milk will keep the the
platter and potato emulsified you can
even in ding-ding-ding-ding i've poached
my bangers for 30 minutes
poaching as opposed to frying cooks them
at a lower temperature which reduces the
moisture loss and keeps them juicy
before frying just drain them or some
kitchen paper because you need to let
the skins just dry a little bit I'm
gonna use some brown nut oil have to be
careful because if the pan is too hot
the casings might burst the idea with
this is to try and Brown quickly I
should be 2 to 3 minutes just turn them
regularly so while they're browning I'm
going to finish the sauce I've got the
liquid from the pressure cooker that
I've strained and reduced by half then
add the reserved onions
this sauce is so rich and needs some
acidity from a few drops of sherry
vinegar finally
gently rub a couple of sage leaves
between your palms to release the oils
and add to the sauce to infuse now we're
ready to serve our bangers and mash
so first the wonderful baked potato mash
really rich compote of onions I'm gonna
courage even more onions soon
are you eating richer ding ding ding
ding ding hey well my perfect bangers
and mash
[Music]